---
layout: page
published: true
title: Resume
---
I am a Ruby on Rails developer in Sydney, Australia. My most recent experience has been as a product manager at [Pollenizer](http://pollenizer.com), one of the top tech incubator in Australia and a technical co-founder at [Hastify](http://hastify.com), one of the first online food ordering platform in Singapore.

I have 3 years of combined experience in web development and 1 year of commercial Ruby on Rails experience.

###Professional Experience
####_Product Manager - Pollenizer Pty Ltd, Feb 2013 - Present_
Pollenizer is one of the top tech incubators in Australia. I was contracted to one of their portfolio companies [Pygg](http://pygg.co) where I am responsible for the development of a cashless payment platform for public schools in Australia. Worked in a small agile team of myself + 1 other engineer, so I am writing code all the time.

In under two weeks, I did a complete re-write of erb templates, sass stylesheets, and some app models which eliminated the front-end technical debt accrued over years of development. This resulted in shorter development cycles, faster pageload speeds, and engineer happiness.  
  
`Worked extensively with:` Ruby on Rails 3.2, MySQL, Zurb Foundation 4, SASS mixins, jQuery.  
  
####_Freelance Web Consultant - Yoongfook Studios, May 2012 - Present_
Worked on multiple Ruby and consulting work for clients to pay off bills while running my own startup.

Responsible for the whole development pipeline- client consultation, wireframing, PSD mockup, front-end(html/sass/twitter bootstrap), Ruby(Rails)/PostgreSQL backend, and deployment to cloud servers for both [SingaporeTender](http://singaporetender.com) and [Loadup](http://getloadup.com)  
  
`Worked extensively with:` Ruby on Rails 3.2, PostgreSQL, Twitter Bootstrap, Heroku, AWS S3, Amazon Cloudfront.  
  
####_Technical Co-Founder - Hastify Pte Ltd, September 2011 - November 2012_
Director and technical co-founder of a online food ordering startup. [Hastify](http://hastify.com) provides an online-ordering option for restaurants across Singapore. We generate leads and deliver orders to them through a custom-designed receipt printer that sits in the restaurant's kitchen.

Responsible for the whole development pipeline- front-end(html/css/zurb-foundation), back-end(PHP, Mysql) and deployment to cloud servers (RedHat Openshift)  
  
`Worked extensively with:` HTML5,CSS3, AngularJS, Object-oriented PHP(Yii Framework), Mysql, Zurb Foundation 3, Openshift Cloud  
  
###Technology Focus
- `Programming Languages:` Ruby, JavaScript, SQL, HTML/HAML, CSS/SASS
- `Web Frameworks:` Ruby on Rails, Yii(I know it but I hate PHP)
- `Front-end Web Frameworks:` Angular.js(Learning), jQuery, jQuery UI
- `CSS Frameworks/Tools:` Twitter Bootstrap, Zurb Foundation, Compass
- `Programming Editors:` Sublime Text 2
- `Source Code Control:` Git
- `Databases:` PostgreSQL 8/9, MySQL 4/5, MongoDB(Learning)
- `Content Management Systems/E-commerce:` RefineryCMS, Wordpress
- `Deployment/Servers:` Heroku, Openshift
- `Metrics/Tracking:` Mixpanel, KISSMetrics, GA
- `Wireframing/Design:` LucidCharts, Mockingbird, Omnigraffle, Adobe PS, AI  

- Rubygems extensively used: `devise`, `cancan`, `simple_form`, `carrierwave`, `asset_sync`, `fog`, `delayed_job`, `compass-rails`, `zurb-foundation`, `twitter-bootstrap`
